A good loyalty program can keep its loyal customers.
Some customers are choosing rewards over convenience and safety.
Loyalty programs are not being executed on the full level some of the reasons are that the 
1)customers are not completely aware of the program 
2)Time delay
3)account inactivity...
loyalty rewards program members who do not make redemptions are more likely to defect from a program and join another
The lack of uniform management systems across loyalty and rewards programs confuses customers and is a primary source of members’ lack of activity
Blockchain, as a distributed ledger with a fundamentally new way to transact and maintain records in a secure, trustless, digitized interlinked network will eliminate many inefficiencies
As a trustless distributed ledger, blockchain allows participating agents, which in the case of loyalty rewards programs include loyalty reward program providers, administrators, system managers, customers, etc. to intersect and interact in one system without intermediaries and without compromising privacy or competitiveness
We are trying to build an application that could connect a few organizations like we can use loyalty points from one organization in another organization
Mainly we are trying to give rewards based on the loyalty points in the digital wallet.
Digital tokens on blockchain also have the potential to distribute the liabilities across the organizations participating in the loyalty network, possibly reducing the liability of any one program owner.
Loyalty rewards program providers control the nature of their customers’ interactions in a loyalty network by keeping certain parameters—such as how loyalty tokens value and disperse points, and how points are exchanged with those of other programs—in the reward applications
Despite fundamental changes, Blockchain is a system facilitator, not a replacement for an existing system of providing rewards based on loyalty.
Cost savings will be identifiable on three major levels—system management, transaction, and customer acquisition
1)reduce system management costs with smart contracts that report secure, tracked, transparent transactions to legacy systems, reducing costs associated with errors and fraud
2)For customers, the ability to use points more readily and quickly will increase redemption transactions, reducing costs per transaction.
3)cost of acquiring customers through methods such as direct mail, should be significantly reduced through the exposure resulting from social media as blockchain-based loyalty rewards programs will operate on social media platforms
Using this blockchain technology to provide loyalty points which can be used in other organizations seems to be near real-time using this technology also reduces the effect of lack of coordination between loyalty program issuers and providers.
All loyalty points are tokenized, which gives them unique identities that are extremely difficult to forge.
As we will be using Blockchain it is difficult to duplicate the information and it is tougher to hack
Large loyalty rewards program providers with well-developed programs will have unique opportunities to offer value-added services to other small businesses with no proper loyalty program
Permissioned blockchain is more viable to use for building a loyalty program.
In spite of using some traditional platforms to give updates, it is better if the loyalty program provider uses some well know and platforms that face huge traffic due to customers.
